My introduction to the community (#86)
osscameroon/osscameroon-blog: content/post/contributors/eddybruv.md

---
title: "Eddybruv"
date: 2022-04-25T03:19:23+01:00
images: []
categories: []
tags: []
authors: ["eddybruv"]
---

Hello, I'm Edwin Ajong, you can call me Eddy👀. I'm a level 300 student in UB(means its my 2nd year in university)😅, reading computer engineering(Faculty of Engineering and Technology).

> I started my journey in this tech field just about a year ago when I got into the univeristy. So far, the journey has been an exciting one, not an easy on tho😐, but I guess we all have to be consistent to make it😁.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
I started my journey in this tech field just about a year ago when I got into the university. So far, the journey has been an exciting one, not an easy one tho😐, but I guess we all have to be consistent to make it😁.
```
